docs: fix sqlness test docs (#2545)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/contributor-guide/tests/sqlness-test.md

### Case file

Sqlness has two types of file

- `.sql`: test input, SQL only
- `.result`: expected test output, SQL and its results

The `.result` file is the expected execution output. If you see `.result` files changed,

> it means the test gets a different result and indicates it fails. You should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it means the test gets a different result and indicates it may fail. You should
```
